Add a version support policy for cnspec (#516)
mondoohq/docs: docs/cnspec/cnspec-adv-install/update.mdx

### Breaking changes policy

Major version releases of cnspec contain _soft-breaking_ changes. These may require you to update your policies, query packs, or automation scripts in order to avoid disruption, but you have a long time to make those updates. We provide advanced warning before we make these changes, and they don't become _hard-breaking_ changes until the next major release.

### Supported releases

> cnspec follows an N-1 support cycle, meaning the current version (N) and the immediate previous version (N-1) are officially supported. During this time, both major versions can communicate with the Mondoo Platform and execute all published policies and query packs. For example, if the current release of cnspec is 11.37, all versions from 10.0 through 11.37 are fully supported by the Mondoo Platform. When cnspec 12.0 is released, the minimum supported version will become 11.0, and all earlier 10.x releases will reach end-of-life (EOL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cnspec follows an N-1 support cycle, meaning the current version (N) and the immediate previous version (N-1) are officially supported. During this time, both major versions can communicate with the Mondoo Platform and execute all published policies and query packs. For example, if the current release of cnspec is 11.37, the Mondoo Platform supports all versions from 10.0 through 11.37. When cnspec 12.0 is released, the minimum supported version will become 11.0, and all earlier 10.x releases will reach end of life (EOL).
```
